specs: fixed sequence length (#1124)
celestiaorg/celestia-app: specs/src/specs/consensus.md

| `MAX_VALIDATORS`                        | `uint16` | `64`         |         | Maximum number of active validators.                                                                                                                                |
| `NAMESPACE_ID_BYTES`                    | `uint64` | `8`          | `byte`  | Size of namespace ID, in bytes.                                                                                                                                     |
| `NAMESPACE_ID_MAX_RESERVED`             | `uint64` | `255`        |         | Value of maximum reserved namespace ID (inclusive). 1 byte worth of IDs.                                                                                            |

> | `SEQUENCE_BYTES`                        | `uint64` | `4`          | `byte`  | The number of bytes used to store the sequence length in the first share of a sequence                                                                              |

Reviewer: is this a uint32? same question for the change below
```suggestion
| `SEQUENCE_BYTES`                        | `uint32` | `4`          | `byte`  | The number of bytes used to store the sequence length in the first share of a sequence                                                                              |
```

Author: I think the type for this constant only needs to contain the number of sequence bytes (`4`) so hypothetically this could be anything in the range from `uint8` to `uint64`. I'm not strongly opinionated on which type we use but want to point out that this type doesn't strictly need to be `uint32` even though the value stored in these four bytes will be ` uint32`. Does that make sense?  

On an related note, appconsts.go doesn't explicitly type integer constants so the specs diverge from the current implementation. https://github.com/celestiaorg/celestia-app/issues/1130

| `SHARE_INFO_BYTES`                      | `uint64` | `1`          | `byte`  | The number of bytes used for [share](data_structures.md#share) information                                                                                          |

> | `SHARE_RESERVED_BYTES`                  | `uint64` | `4`          | `byte`  | The number of bytes used to store the location of the first unit in a compact share. Must be able to represent any index in `SHARE_SIZE`.                           |

Reviewer 2: This is a bit confusing because `SHARE_SIZE` is an integer, not a list.

```suggestion
| `SHARE_RESERVED_BYTES`                  | `uint64` | `4`          | `byte`  | The number of bytes used to store the location of the first unit in a compact share. Must be able to represent any integer up to and including `SHARE_SIZE - 1`.                           |
```
